README.md, before:

# ryanshz.github.io redesign

## about

i used astro to rebuild the majority of the site, replacing the old version i made for a class

old version is hosted [here](https://github.com/ryanshz/old-portfolio)

## project structure

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

## commands

cd into root before running these

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## docs

[astro](https://docs.astro.build)

[tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

[daisyui](https://daisyui.com/)

Commit message:

fixed a few things from webpagetest and astro inspection

README.md, after:

# ryanshz.github.io redesign

## about

i used astro to rebuild the majority of the site, replacing the old version i made for a class

self-publishes using github actions

tested with [PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev/) and [webpagetest.org](webpagetest.org)

old version is hosted [here](https://github.com/ryanshz/old-portfolio)

## project structure

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

## commands

cd into root before running these

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## docs

[astro](https://docs.astro.build)

[tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

[daisyui](https://daisyui.com/)
