---
layout: ../../layouts/post.astro
title: 'introduction'
date: '02162025'
---
I wanted to add this to my portfolio to document my journey after university, both for myself and whoever stumbles upon this.

Is this good for the security of my information, thoughts and life? _Probably not._ I like to operate under the assumption that anyone who wants to find out more about me can, more likely than not, find that info pretty quickly. It is what it is.

Navigating life after university feels very foreign. I find myself second guessing frequently, pondering whether or not I chose the correct path, or should've taken a turn at the last intersection of life. Career-wise, every rejection stings a bit and it adds up after a while, but I keep moving forward. I need to continue to improve my skills, and discipline myself both for my psyche and my career. If I can get my foot in the door, I know I can demonstrate my value and skills, but that first step is extremely difficult. Alas, I'll keep working, and hopefully my preparation meets an opportunity soon.

I've been very burned out as of recent, but have planned to start back up today. This post is acting as the start of my next steps, and hopefully by updating this semi-frequenty, I can continue to pace onward to a promising career and fufillment in life. Will I find all the answers in the near future? Most likely not, but that's life.

In my free time, I've been trying to write. A lot of ideas appear out of nowhere, quickly scribbled down on a loose sticky note and slightly expanded on, before being pushed to the side over a more novel idea. I'm planning on taking this week to put my blade to the whetstone and commit to one, slowly working toward one of my goals this year.

Project-wise, I'll either pick up something I worked on before, either refining or continuing work on it, or just make a new project entirely. A lot of the ideas I came up with before had been itereated on, and creating something while a better version already exists kind of throws me off, while new ideas aren't really plentiful in my mind. This is another bad habit I need to fix, which I'll be working on in the coming weeks. Just commit and finish something, even if it already exists.

That's about all I can think of documenting. Hopefully you'll enjoy the progress.

-rs