---
layout: ../../layouts/post.astro
title: 'ruby'
date: '02172025'
---
Day 2 of documenting my journey. Actually got a decent amount of work done yesterday, which rose morale a good bit. Looking forward to what's to come.

Did a good bit of introspection over the day that passed since my last post. Decided that I need to put myself out there a little more, and interacting
with others will be a core part of that mentality shift. Looking to get some part-time work to keep spirits high and hopefully meet some interesting people.

My recent struggles have seemed to all point to comfort, and the amount of it that I've had, holding me back. I need to get used to being in situations I'm
not accustomed to, and figure out a way to do so consistently. Hoping that the melting pot that is my brain can cook something up.

In other news, I started learning Ruby. So far, it seems it took the nuances of Java, refined them a lot, and combined it with Python. I'm enjoying it
so far, and hope to use it in my upcoming project that I'm planning soon. My goal is to start that by the end of the week, a random idea coming to me last
night that I frantically lept out of bed to scribble down. I'll make it pan out, even if there's a lot of struggle on the way to that destination.

I have a meeting later today with someone I'm pretty excited to talk to. He's worked in a lot of cool places and seems to have a lot of industry experience.
Hoping I can learn a lot from him and implement that into my day-to-day, and maybe get some inspiration too. I need to make sure to write down some good
questions to ask, though. They're in my head at the moment, but they need to be on paper.

Gonna go out for a bit, grab some coffee, and get some work done today. Looking to both continue to learn Ruby, plan for this meeting, and get some
preliminary ideas for this project I've been cooking.

See you on the flip side.

-rs
