---
layout: ../../layouts/post.astro
title: 'learning takes FOREVER'
date: '02212025'
---
Been doing a good bit of work for the last few days. Learning Ruby is much more challenging than I thought. The difficulty puts in perspective how far behind I am in making use of it for a full-scale backend project. That is the current goal, and I'm not setting a time constraint on myself, but I would like to learn the language a bit faster.

I'd like to try my best to learn Ruby at an in-depth level, to the point where I can code without having to reference 1032948023 pages of documentation, which I seem to do for a lot of different languages. Java was the language that I planned to put my nose down and solely for the forseeable future, but definitely considering the switch after coding in Ruby for the last few days. We'll see how it progresses when I start making the backend for my web application pretty soon. Aiming to start working on it at some point within the next month.

I've been following this course from [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-ruby-on-rails), which has a lot of project-based learning and forces me to get a more in-depth understanding of the tasks I'm working on. I can tell I'm barely scratching the surface, but it's been a fun journey so far and I feel myself learning a lot through it.

One thing I noticed with my work is that a lot of times, I'll try to over-complicate and optimize every single piece of my code, only for it to not work for hours on end. I've been reinforcing in the last few days just GETTING a working version, then I can go back later when I'm more versed in the language and optimize it. Seeing some of the earlier projects I did, where it takes 40 lines to do something so simple, be done in 10 or 15 by someone with way more experience, is a little frustrating initially. When I go back and think about it though, it leaves me hopeful that one day, I'll be on that level in my work, and become the best programmer that I can be.

Some updates on the last post, the meeting I had went really well, I learned a lot about some of the fields I enjoy in my free time, and found some good resources to do more research. Looking forward to talking to him again when I'm more versed so we can have more in-depth conversations. I also heard back from a few part-time positions, so hopefully I can get some work in on the side while I continue to bolster my development skills.

That's all I have for now, will write again soon.

-rs
